docs: add `BlackHole` adapter docs (#68)
laminas/laminas-cache: docs/book/storage/adapter.md

---- | --------- | ------------- | -----------
`namespace_separator` | `string` |  ":" | A separator for the namespace and prefix.

## The BlackHole Adapter

> `Laminas\Cache\Storage\Adapter\BlackHole` **does not** store any cache items.

Reviewer: A description of the possible use should be added here. Like: "This adapter is mostly useful for tests."

This adapter implements the following interfaces:

- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\StorageInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\AvailableSpaceCapableInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\ClearByNamespaceInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\ClearByPrefixInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\ClearExpiredInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\FlushableInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\IterableInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\OptimizableInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\TaggableInterface`
- `Laminas\Cache\Storage\TotalSpaceCapableInterface`

### Capabilities

Capability | Value
---------- | -----
`supportedDatatypes` | `null`, `bool`, `int`, `float`, `string`, `array`, `object`
`supportedMetadata` | none
`minTtl` | 0 or 1, depending on `psr` option.
`maxTtl` | 0
`staticTtl` | `false` or `true`, depending on `psr` option
`ttlPrecision` | 1
`useRequestTime` | false
`lockOnExpire` | 0
`maxKeyLength` | -1
`namespaceIsPrefix` | `true`
`namespaceSeparator` | none

> ### Adapter specific Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adapter Specific Options
```

Author: Should I update all other adapter specific options aswell?

Reviewer: I wanted to spare you that pain because this also means to remove "The" from all headlines. 😉

Author: Fixed ;-)

Name | Data Type | Default Value | Description
---- | --------- | ------------- | -----------
`psr` | `bool` |  `false` | Flag to specify whether the adapter should be compatible with `CacheItemPoolDecorator` or `SimpleCacheDecorator`

> ### Additional notes
> 
> The `psr` option was introduce to provide non-BC compatible way to use the `BlackHole` adapter with the PSR-6 and PSR-16 decorator. Ignore this option if this adapter is not used in combination with these decorators. This option is already flagged as internal and thus will be removed in `laminas/laminas-cache-storage-adapter-blackhole` 2.0.

Reviewer: If this is a note of deprecation, then it should be labelled as such.

```suggestion
> ### Deprecation Notice
> 
> The `psr` option was introduce to provide non-BC compatible way to use the `BlackHole` adapter with the PSR-6 and PSR-16 decorator. Ignore this option if this adapter is not used in combination with these decorators. This option is already flagged as internal and thus will be removed in `laminas/laminas-cache-storage-adapter-blackhole` 2.0.
```
